welcome to Sandra products shopping
channel with me today i have rai moran
who is the chief commercial officer of
zen robotics reiner can you tell me
about the Zen robotics recycler why
everyone has to buy one yes you know the
simple reason is to make money truck
lots of money this is the world's first
fully automatic robotic recycling system
for restarting construction and
demolition waste this has never been
seen before you can reduce the amount of
waste going to landfills you can reduce
the amount of waste I'm going to
incinerate us you can reduce the amount
of waste going to exports or whatever
all that is not that sustainable and
will it will cost you a lot of money by
using the tender with this recycler you
can also increase your recovery rate to
a level that you have never experienced
before and there's more the quality of
the fractions separated that's way
better than you have seen an experienced
before and that means money you can sell
the fractions for way higher prices than
before so you make truckloads of money
and the payback time is so short that
sounds very very cool can you tell me
more about the payback time of Zen
robotics recycler yes it's so short
because you can first of all you can
operate 24 7 if you like you know like
they do in the other maybe more
established industries and that is how
you make money serious money then
additionally you can save in labor costs
and that is also a very very big thing
you can replace manual sorting but
there's more you can also replace a big
part of the excavator work that is
currently done you know that's not so
efficient but the center of a decree
sector one machine one robot can do the
job of even 10 to 15 excavators so you
can imagine how much money you can do by
that so that's the reason why our
customers love us so much this is a
revolution in the in the recycling
industry yeah and the customer is the
most important yes yes
of course thank you and now let's go on
site to see the product in action
reiner you told me earlier that the
product is super easy to can you tell me
more about that oh yes give it currently
the machine is sorting stone wood and
metals but just as easy as you can
download a new application to your smart
phones you can upgrade the robot to have
an all new features it will sort
plastics by color plastic white polymer
it will sort metals by grace short
different food fractures and so on you
will make a lot of money right now and
you will make even more in the future so
this is the products that gets better
and better and better all the time so if
you buy a truck or the next character
hardly gets better day by day but this
machine does that means you make a lot
of money or you're never short short
payback on this machine well that's what
I call very upgradable Thank You Ryder
thank you kiss me I know I'm sure
everyone is eager to hear more about the
economics of this product can you
describe a typical business case for us
yes guessing when you order a sand
robotics researcher and install it along
your hand sorting line you will be
replacing four to six humans per shift
so if you operate in two shifts you are
actually with one robot you are
replacing eight to twelve humans that's
a lot yes and you can do the rest of the
map so this is serious money you are
really saving hundreds of thousands per
year of money and worry because the
robots they will be just working and
working and working day in and out for
you but there's more
you have most likely excavators
consuming diesel and picking slowly
right 110 robotics recycler can do that
on the same amount of pics as 10 to 15
excavators can do with Rios one robot
yes and you know this makes money that
the operation cost of attendance
recycler is negligible it's the power
consumption is 10 kilo bus so equal to 1
year old one dollar per hour so that's
nothing compared to running an excavator
or 10 excavators and if you allow the
robots work 24-7 for you while you are
golfing and fishing and sleeping and or
you know whatever they will make so much
money and the robots they look sexy yes
one of our clients actually told us that
they can and will take the money for the
investment from their marketing budget
because when having these artificially
intelligent robots working for them
sorting ways they can attract so much
public interest they can attract new
clients new business they will make a
lot of money by having the robots around
when you have the robots working for you
they will go less waste to landfill less
to in generation no export to waste
anymore you have a way better recovery
rate you have much much better quality
of the recovered fractions so this is
how you make the money serious money I
see a rabbit our future obviously no no
yes it's not the future it's now right
now we are shipping already and you can
order robust right now alright yes you
have the part I'm already right now yes
that's right
makes yes it's amazing thank you right
and thanks everyone for watching and
please remember to visit the website Zen
robotics dhaka and please remember to
recycle